The Ark of the Covenant was necessary because the original "ark" was no longer functional for the purpose it was intended to fulfil. 

Communion includes:
  1. Aaron's Rod - Proof of God's involvement and support (emotional needs - heart/blood)
    - Connection to others
  2. Bowl of Manna - Ensure human beings have what they need (physical needs - body/bread)
    - Connection to self

Holy Spirit:
  3. Stone Tablets - Instructions and expectations of God (spiritual needs - spirit/water)
    - Connection to God

The ark was effective in being an embodiment of God on Earth as we know from its effect on battles that were fought while it was present. It was effective because God was there with it. We know that it had tremendous power as a vessel of God.

It is also interesting to note that the word for Ark is almost exactly like the name Aaron. And Arrow.

Then there is the Mercy Seat on top of the ark. If the ark represents Earth, then the Mercy Seat represents Heaven. 


Hebrews 9:4-5, NIV

Behind the second curtain was a room called the Most Holy Place, which had the golden altar of incense and the gold-covered ark of the covenant. This ark contained the gold jar of manna, Aaron’s staff that had budded, and the stone tablets of the covenant. Above the ark were the cherubim of the Glory, overshadowing the atonement cover. But we cannot discuss these things in detail now.

This is the description of the ark given to us in Hebrews. This book was written after Jesus had said, 

Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them. (Matthew 5:17, NIV) 

and

When he had received the drink, Jesus said, “It is finished.” With that, he bowed his head and gave up his spirit. (John 19:30, NIV)

From this we know that Jesus had fulfilled everything. This means that we have the complete picture of what God's original design was and need not be concerned with anything after that except as a reinforcement or repetition of what already happened.

The beast who once was, and now is not, is an eighth king. He belongs to the seven and is going to his destruction. (Revelation 17:11, NIV)

The word "king" in Hebrew (malaki) also means "angel" as we think of them today: a spiritual being that serves God and watches over humankind as guardians and to ensure that Yahweh's Will is carried out. Demons, often referred to as princes, serve humankind and ensure that their master's will is carried out. In addition, we know that the archangels are embodiments of God Himself in a sense, and their appearance in the Bible only coincides with hugely significant milestones. Announcing the birth of Jesus, for example. In this context, you can start to form an opinion about the apocryphal works that came along, like Tobit, where an archangel comes along and actually befriends a human and stays with them as a sort of side-kick. But we know that God's ministering spirits are flames of fire as opposed to the angels which are compared to wind. (Psalm 104:4)

If we consider the seven archangels as the seven "kings" referred to here, then we can assume that the eighth king was the Accuser that Michael fought who was cast down to Earth. The fact that it required a fourth of the angels to be cast down with him implies that he required that attention as a Son of God and not as an angel created to serve God. 

Archangels - Malaki
Sons of God - Jesus, Hillel, those mentioned in Job 1

Remember the Grain, Hen, Wolf an boat puzzle? You have a sack of grain, a hen, and a dog, and you have to take them all home with you. However, you can only hold two things at a time, and you cannot leave the grain and the hen alone or the wolf and the hen alone. You can make as many trips as you want.

Let's say = is the grain (a stationary object), - is the hen (it tends to run away from you), and + is the dog (it tends to be attracted to you). Here is what you would do:

= - +
  -      = +
= -      +   
         = - +

and it spells JC! OMG I didn't even try to do that. I had the J backwards at first, but that was an easy fix. 

But what about the dragon that Michael fought? 

A star is two Xs with one slightly rotated, like the text that I slightly rotated over itself about how none of the things I had been posting were things that I had done.... woah... and it was taken and changed to something else...

Ok this is too much for one day. But in a good way.
