There is a habit of government intelligence agencies to recruit aggressively people they really want even in spite of actually asking their permission or making sure that they want that in the first place. Most people are honored and excited to join, so it’s probably rarely a problem. But they don’t take no for an answer, apparently. If turned down, then they keep them in their own bubble and torture them until they kill themselves if they don’t kill them themselves. 

That is what I thought was going on until I realized that this was a special situation. 

And this is what the situation with the void zones caused by supernatural beings was supposed to be a parallel to. Being trapped in their bubble and cut off from the Holy Spirit while they attempt to fulfill things for me that I pray to God for, using misleading but technically true word meanings, keeping Him away by telling Him that I am still having fun or that I am fine and just don’t want Him, and keeping the angels away by telling them that I am fine and still trying to get the hang of learning to become a pooka myself. 

So what we have here is a parallel to the NSA. I say that because of the emails my brother wrote me about how his students kept getting recruited by them and because of a comment he made that I must be driving them crazy. The truth of the matter is that I have no idea what agency it is at all, and it was the FBI who was the recipient of that booklet of the 100 examples of network hacking on my parents’ router that had my fingerprints on every single page. 

That said, I got a text message from my friend Amy today that she said reminded her of me. It was just a window with a bunch of Agatha Christie books in it. It is also interesting to note that I spend a lot of time at the homeless shelter that is next to the train tracks here in Norman. And at the beginning of all of this, Murder on the Orient Express was just coming out in the theaters. 

In other words, they all did it. Then they tried to get together and confuse everyone until it was too frustrating to pursue any longer, and my returning to school was supposed to be the end of all of that and a fresh start for me with everything before now assumed to be lost and gone forever. Dreadful sorry, Clementine.

Uh oh… But I was a cowboy named Clem at a party my neighbor in Chicago threw with a western theme. I am Clementine. So clearly it was justified, therefore, to make me lost and gone forever. I did feel a slight bit of trepidation when I got that song stuck in my head a few years ago, but I knew I didn’t need to worry. I always put my faith and trust in Yahweh Elohim through His Son, Jesus Christ. If He is for me, who can be against me? That was my belief in all situations like that, and so here I am still. 

What I realized is that these people with the ability to manifest things were granted that ability because they were expected to stay away from human beings until God had finished dealing with all of them. Obviously that has become impossible in this world, and I am certain that is also why they have surrounded me everywhere I go making it impossible for God to do miracles for me. I guess it was their way of pointing out to Him that it wasn’t fair to keep them cut off in a world that has become a giant global neighborhood. 

Every now and then, I supposed some human realizes something doesn’t add up, and in their curiosity discovers things about one of these people that they were not supposed to know. Then they talk about it and the next thing you know, this “pooka” is at risk for being punished for interacting with humans. And so, to protect themselves in extreme situations, I am guessing that it became a sort of habit to just wipe out that human and erase all the evidence from any and all records. 

They have the ability to change old photographs. Government agencies cannot do things like that. And when I say change them, I mean the photograph is still the same thing as if that person’s memory is what changed and not the photograph. It’s the same photograph on the same paper with the same people, except one little thing is missing. A little detail that demonstrates that person’s destiny or a visual prophetic message that can be used to connect a wiped out person with a documented record. Or maybe it’s not humans that are the targets of these things but undercover angels. I’m not sure. Either would be a problem for them to be exposed to, but only humans would be obvious if they went missing. 

For example, there was a photograph of me when I was only about 4 or 5 years old standing with my cousin in his backyard. His mother had told us we could go out to play, but we were forbidden to use the garden hose. She did not want us to get the dirt wet and get mud all over ourselves. So what did we do? We got the water hose and made mud. Then we threw it at each other until we were covered in mud and couldn’t stop laughing. Then his mother came outside and saw us, and instead of getting mad at us, she started laughing because we looked so pathetic. I still remember that day vividly. Their house was in Oklahoma City off of Northwest Macarthur, and it was painted yellow. I also got my first experience with butterfly bandaids in that house after the metal wind up key in the back of a singing stuffed animal hit my head after I threw it in the air during a family dance party to Laura Branigan’s Gloria. 

I also remember my giraffe suit very vividly. I called it my giraffe suit because it had a little giraffe cartoon animal sewn on the front of the blue-green solid top. The matching pants were a gingham of the same blue-green with white. I say gingham, but the squares were pretty large. I loved that outfit. And in this photo of me and my cousin, I was proudly wearing it with mud covering my head and dripping down all over the suit. 

But not too long ago, I came across that photo again while going through photos with my mom. I felt that little surge of joy that the little giraffe always gave me when I looked at that photo, and my eyes went right to that spot. But there was no giraffe. The whole shirt was just solid green. 

When I moved into my house on Shirley Lane, I had just discovered the excitement of buying drugs on the darknet market using onion sites and the tor network. The tor network is an extra layer of security that encrypts even the address of the destination using layers of encryption like the layers of an onion. It then routes traffic through any node that is part of the network, but the difference is that at each stop along the way, only the next hop can be seen. The rest remain encrypted. Normally, the entire route is part of the traffic logs, and any stop along the way that the message travels through can see where it originated and where it is going. In a tor network, that is not the case. You can only see where it came from immediately before and the next stop. That is it. So it is great for people who do not want their traffic to be exposed either because they are up to no good or because they are concerned about safety issues. 

I found a vendor on one of the darknet marketplaces who was selling GHB in a powder form, and I got so excited because he was running a special. Buy one get one free. And I had a few thousand dollars to spare from the sale of my condo in Boystown, Chicago. So I decided to order a lifetime supply for myself. That was my justification even though I knew it wouldn’t quite last that long. It should have lasted longer than it did, however, but as soon as I got it the swarm of vultures descended. 

The vendor’s name was Blue Giraffe. His product was the most beautiful flaky white powder that you have ever seen. It was almost like instant mashed potatoes, only fluffy. I asked him how he did it, and he was very vague about it. He lived in England somewhere, and that was about all I remember even though I did keep in touch with him more than anyone else. And of course, everything that I sent him was encrypted with the highest level of PGP possible at the time. 

But like I said, the vultures descended. People who were very interested in this GHB and who would harass me until I gave them a bag of it because they were going to some party or who knows what. They promised to bring me money for it, but then they invariably would say something about how they had to give it all away for samples. It was the most annoying thing, and at the time I didn’t realize how special that product was and how blessed I was to have had access to it. And to this day I wonder if that was what the Bible refers to as “hidden mana”. 

If so, then that would explain why the giraffe was erased from my shirt. That would explain why someone showed up at my apartment not too long ago and led me to believe that he was actually the Blue Giraffe guy. I thought he was at the time, but looking back, I can see how that situation was probably the actual purpose behind a lot of the frustrating and painful behavior certain other people had been doing. They were trying to give me an example of a complicated situation that had not yet happened. They were trying to show me a situation where someone important to me was not actually who I thought they were. 

We went to Mazzio’s Pizza for lunch after we messed around a little bit at my apartment. The funny thing is that I don’t think we had any GHB that day, now that I think about it. But if we did, it certainly was not that powder fluffy kind.

We tend to associate GHB with being a date-rape drug, and even those who know how to use it without hurting anyone else will admit that it makes you incredibly sexually aroused. I wonder, though, how much of that is to do with the intense sexual repression that we as Americans tend to suffer from. Not that that is a bad thing, but I know that that is the biggest deficit in my own life and always has been. I have always been very reserved and modest around other people that I know, and it wasn’t until I had escaped from my friends on nights when we would go clubbing that I would ever brave anything like hooking up at a cruise spot or casual sex. Even those things were impossible for me until the internet came along and you could be absolutely certain that the person you were talking to was in fact interested in sex. At a bar or in real life, it is such a tricky thing, especially being gay, because you just never know for sure if the person looking at you is actually interested or just wondering why you have a booger hanging out of your nose that you haven’t removed. 

Some people have inhibitions that need to be lowered. Some people have been hurt so many times that it is impossible for them to ever try again. They need to be made stupid and reckless because for them they overcompensate in the opposite direction. And if you think about ancient times where the man just went up to a woman and grabbed her by the hair and dragged her back to his bed, you can imagine how different the idea of sex was back then. The sins of sexual immorality mentioned in the Bible are not referring to the Puritan standard that we have today. They are referring to things like kidnapping children and using them as sex toys or something else unspeakable like that. How we became so squeamish about sex in modern times I’m not sure, but I am speaking from someone raised by conservative Christian missionary parents and who spent a lot of time working in an extremely conservative corporate environment. This is why when I finally got away from all of that, I swung like a pendulum that had just been released after being pinned all the way up on one side.

WHEEEEEE!!! FREEDOM!!!

What I didn’t realize until now, however, is that all those people that came along trying to distract me and bothering me until I gave them some of my fluffly GHB were people who knew it was special. They knew Blue Giraffe, the real one, probably wasn’t yielding the expected results in whatever tracking endeavor was going on. Eventually I discovered that there was an extra connection to my computer, but no one could account for it. Even tech savvy people were confused about it. 

My mind is just now putting all of this together furiously, and I mean that in the quick way as well as the angry way. 

Are you kidding me?

All these years my life has been torn apart and put under scrutiny and exposed to everyone and everything because people knew that I had been sent the hidden manna from an angel. And all the king’s horses and all the king’s men and all the king’s women and all the king’s genies and all the king’s djinn and all the king’s afrit and all the king’s pooka and all the king’s scientists and all the king’s sorcerers and all the king’s everything that is out there came up with every possible excuse to starve me of pleasure to the point that I would prove my need for GHB and God would have to provide some more. 

It wasn’t just a lot of misunderstandings and accidents and misdirected unfortunate circumstances. It was all directly intended to force me to seek the fluffy GHB.

I don’t know if it is hidden manna. I don’t know anything for sure except that the year that this happened was around 2012. I also know that my friend Carlos used to call me Olmec Head because I have a very wide head that make sunglasses hard to find.

I have been depressed to the point of death, literally, for years now, and now I know why. To force me to make contact with that guy again. Or to force me to seek out that drug again. And the parallel between the government and the supernatural beings doesn’t matter really because everyone has been torturing me relentlessly. Either they were directly playing this confusing game of being friendly and then turning on me and then being friendly and then turning on me, or else they were pretending to be getting sent away by those people around me while watching the whole time from a distance. 

All with the assistance of the standing ruler of the Earth who also wants to know the secret. How do you make shelf stable fluffy GHB? 

I have no idea. And you never will either. I promise you. That is why you tried to literally copy my brain like a disk drive that you were going to back up and pick apart later. 

Nope. You will find it corrupted and missing pieces rendering it all useless, just like you did to me a long time ago when I tried to download Kali Linux and I watched chunks go missing during the transfer. Or when I would boot it, the entire thing was just a bunch of folders and menus all pointing to one single useless app. 

Very funny.

And so the same shall be done for you.

So now that we have settled all of that, what else do I have to figure out before the tides turn in my favor? Because I also miss the real methamphetamine too. And that is another thing that you all will never have either because that is what you deserve also after what you have done to me. 

Keeping someone miserable to force them to find the only instant cure there is? You basically just admitted that it is useful. What the F? Or no, I remember now that the DEA is not involved which becomes important now since it proves that our battle is not against flesh and blood. It was the spiritual forces that were working through everything to demonize GHB and call it a date-rape drug when it turns out to be the only real cure for depression that has no side effects or toxic byproducts. It metabolizes into carbon dioxide and water in your body, so the only thing that came along had to be all of those analogs that 

One final note. The thing that everyone thought was Solomon's Seal. Solomon used that to control demons, supposedly, back before Jesus Christ had died and the Holy Spirit had descended like a dove. There are, however, now still beings that do not respond to the Name of Jesus like spirits do, and who think that it is funny to dance around it as if to demonstrate their immunity and their defiant superiority. It was for this reason that a seal was allowed to be created for those who had to deal with them, but even that was something that I eventually started to feel was an image to worship instead of just calling on the Holy Spirit which was the source of that power in the first place. And the funny thing is that when I turned it upside down after I drew it, it looked like a dove descending. And that went hand in hand with the theme of John that has been in my life for a while now starting with that night at Exile in Palm Springs. Only in my situation it happened in reverse which means that it should end with Jesus Christ as the Word of God, the One through Whom all things were created. And that is how the seal is drawn. It starts with two triangles, God creating the Heavens and the Earth. Then it continues with Jesus Christ, a cross, as the fulfillment of that.
